loja everybody I'm here in Hawaii at the
mermaid pond and it's a gorgeous view we
just went swimming it's right off the
ocean and there's ISA warm ponds filled
with like sand and rocks and it's
amazing so I just want to update
everybody on my fast and how how it went
and what happened why I broke my fast
early and what I've been doing since I
broke my fast basically why i had to
break my fast on day after day 17 was I
was having symptoms of an electrolyte
imbalance and I was almost like having
to keep my head upside down to get like
blood flow to my head and so I just saw
that as a sign that I needed to stop the
fast and for a while it took you know
like at least a week or so before I
started to feel better and be able to be
more active because I was still feeling
light-headed and it got better like
every couple days and i tried to get
really good rest and i stayed you know
horizontal and just was refeeding on
like fruit and you know no overt fats or
anything like that and I started to feel
a lot better and then we got some test
results back and it looked like I had an
aldosterone imbalance which a lot of
times people can get from having you
know like imbalanced hormones with their
adrenals if you have adrenal problems
and so i just added a little bit of
sodium to my diet just natural salt that
dr. Nick had from Kenya and immediately
my like blood pressure shot up and I
felt so much better and so much clearer
and I've had a lot of really great
results from the fast too when I first
came out here I was still dealing with
some brain fog issues which apparently
had come from some severe liver damage
that I had and so that's been pretty
much cleared up I feel like I had
you know like a nice brain cleaning and
I feel much more mentally clear and so
I've just been reading for like the past
10 days and just a couple days ago I was
able to start like you know taking some
long walks and I went swimming at the
champagne ponds and it's just been
amazing here I'm so happy to be
reframing again and eating mangoes and
it's incredible so I'm so lucky to be
here and if anybody has any questions
they'd like to ask me about my fast you
can feel free to post them and I'll try
and answer all your questions and I'll
talk to you all soon